---
title: "Learning Clojure and Emacs"
date: 2019-11-21T15:50:23+05:30
draft: false
---

# Why these two, together? 
Clojure, a dialect of Lisp, is best suited to be a programmed in the legendary Emacs editor, which also happens to be programmed in Lisp. Coincidence? I think not!  
So, here I'm basically going to log my journey as I start learning the Clojure programming language in the Emacs editor. So this blog is going to witness Souvik Haldar learning two things at once :D  

# Basics steps for beginning a CLojure project 
Prerequisites:-
i) Install [Leiningen](https://leiningen.org/).  
ii) Create the project using `lein new app project_euler` (Since we are going to solve euler's problems for learning)  
iii) Open emacs  
iv) `C-x C-f` (then locate the `core.clj` file inside `project_euler` directory)  
v) Fire up the REPL by `M-x cider-jack-in`  (Cider needs to be installed, follow [this](https://github.com/souvikhaldar/beginning-clojure) for setting up emacs with cider and other required packages)  
vi) Save the file by `C-x C-s` then compile it by `C-c C-k`.  
vii) Switch to the REPL buffer by `C-o`. (or, you can see all running buffers by `C-x b` then `RET` the buffer in which REPL is running)
vi) Now you can run the desired function by running it the REPL buffer by `(<function-name> <arg>)`  

## Example program written in Clojure  

Question: Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:

1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...

By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, find the sum of the even-valued terms.

```
(defn fibonacci [sum first second]
  (if (>= sum 4000000)
    sum
    (do
      (if (even? second)
        (recur (+ sum second) second (+ first second))
        (recur sum second (+ first second))))))
```


I'm currently solving Project Euler to learn to practice while learning. The solved problems can be found [here](https://github.com/souvikhaldar/Project-Euler). *Happy Coding!*  